README.md, before:

# AI Powered Chat Application

> ⚠️This application is currently under-devlopment, and it is Open for your precious contribution

---
### Join conversation with team 👇
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/807214956357484583?color=blue&label=Discord%20Server&logo=Cold%20Spin%20Server&style=for-the-badge)](https://discord.gg/xR6qCrU8mu)

---

This application is dedicated to people who value time, so that they could save time by **not writing** the similar prompt again and again. Simply login & start saving your prompts. Also, discover prompts by other people involved in the community.

# Getting Started
## Local Setup
Follow the procedure mentioned just below, to setup this application in your local machine:
- Fork this repository to your GitHub Account
- Now simply clone it to your machine
- After cloning the application, jump right into the `prompt-gen` directory
  ```bash
  cd prompt-gen
  ```

## Initiating project on local machine
- Inside `prompt-gen` directory, generate the `node_modules` for the dependencies.
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
- After installing dependencies, run the project locally
  - To run dev scripts
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
- To run at deployment server
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

### Now you have done with installation & running the project to your local machine, feel free to contribute to the project 🤗

## Task TO-DO
- Search
    - By prompt
    - By tags
    - By User name
- visit other profile
- add error pages

Commit message:

Minor updates
- updated `README.md` file
- created `.env.example` file

README.md, after:

# AI Powered Chat Application

> ⚠️This application is currently under development, and it is Open for your precious contribution.

---

### Join conversation with the team 👇  
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/807214956357484583?color=blue&label=Discord%20Server&logo=Cold%20Spin%20Server&style=for-the-badge)](https://discord.gg/xR6qCrU8mu)

---

This application is dedicated to people who value time, so they can save time by **not writing** similar prompts repeatedly. Simply login & start saving your prompts. Also, discover prompts shared by others in the community.

---

# Getting Started

## Local Setup
Follow the steps below to set up this application on your local machine:
1. Fork this repository to your GitHub account.
2. Clone the forked repository to your machine.
3. Navigate to the `prompt-gen` directory:
   ```bash
   cd prompt-gen
   ```
4.	Duplicate the `.env.example` file to create a `.env` file:
   ```
   cp .env.example .env
   ```
## Initiating the Project on Local Machine
- Intall Dependencies:
    ```
    npm i
    ```
- Start development server:
    ```
    npm run dev
    ```
- Start Production Server:
    ```
    npm start
    ```

> Congratulations! You have successfully set up and run the project on your local machine. Feel free to contribute to the project 🤗.
